Who dares to be unrestrained in our demonic sect?
Why does this person look exactly like me?
I will attack first.
Is he Pham Hien's twin brother?
No way, it's written like that in the notebook.
Twin brothers, one good one evil
Multi-stimulating lord
Calm down, we don't want to cause more trouble for Pham district.
I do not have.
Who are you?
pretend to be me
You are the real master.
I am real.
Don't trust him.
Look at me. This is real skin.
So you just now
I am so sad.
Was made like that by an impostor.
Don't any of you realize?
That's why I'm angry.
What you say makes some sense.
You talk less about other people
Everyone knows that the Demonic Cult is only people from Bat Lao village.
Also a giver.
Beyond Revenge
Just a good peace loving person.
So who is the good guy?
who is real
Okay, the captain hasn't arrived yet.
too early
Then I will play with you first.
If you say who is good then who is real.
So let's compare.
But it can not be said that others are.
But to do a good deed for the people here.
Get the other side's recognition
You mention first, you are good first.